Add content font-face is fastest load then Import remote fonts (#4042)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.0/frontend-dev-guide/css-topics/css-preprocess.md

@import url('//fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Titillium+Web:400,300,200,600.css');
{%endhighlight%}

> TO include the <a href="{{ page.baseurl }}/frontend-dev-guide/css-topics/using-fonts.html">font in your theme's</a> CSS files using the `@font-face` CSS rule for the fastest loading time.

Reviewer: Here are some suggested edits. If you agree, feel free to merge this change. Thanks!

```suggestion
To [include the font]({{ page.baseurl }}/frontend-dev-guide/css-topics/using-fonts.html) in your theme's CSS files, use the `@font-face` CSS rule for the fastest loading time.
```
